Lab with Javascript

The purpose of this lab is to know how javascript works and
we can bring html pages to activity which is executed directly
under the browser without having to go to the server.
Each of these labs are about developing an html page with
javascript embedded in it.

To see if your program works, you should click on your html
page (i.e. open it in the browser) Enable javascript
in the browser if it isn't already. Run and understand
the demos. When you feel that you have understood a demo
with which one of the following problems can be attempted,
go ahead with that problem and solve it! But if you proceed
with more demos in the Demos folder that I have uploaded, 
better ways to do the same task may click upon you.

You will notice that there are quite a few aspects to which
you will get introduced in this lab. These are: 
programming inside html using javascript, 
input in html forms, event programming in javascript,
the dom model of html in which
one can change html elements and compute with them.

Demos: About 20, uploaded
	There are half a dozen new demos which were not shown in
	the class.




Lab Problems:

1.1 Write a javascript interactive program embedded inside
an html page which tests if a given
number is a prime number. The number can be input using a form.

Let the page be a little colorful.

1.2 Add a javascript runtime code error handler to this program, 
and keep using the error handler
in all your other programs since it detects run time errors
Make an error in your program and show that it really works.
- no submission is required for this. This is for your coding help.

1.3 Let the answer be shown using alert popup. 


2. Write a javascript program which answers if a given input string is
a palindrome. The string can be input using a form.

The input string should also be displayed in the answer

Let the page be a little colorful.

3. Write a javascript program which toggles an image when the
mouse enters the image area.

4. Take the table element color change demo in the Demo pack (the last
one) and upgrade it to let the black cell move around

5. Develp a 15 Puzzle game board using the scheme of your
  solution to problem 4. In 15 puzzle, we have 4X4 board 
  with numbers from 1 to 15. One piece is blank. Using the
  event button keys, the numbered pieces can be moved around
   if the movement is valid (in horizontal or vertical
    direction, and adjacent to blank piece, and within board only) 
   How do you play this game: The initiator moves pieces around and
    then asks the solver to bring it back to sorted numbering,
     i.e. the original board.
     
 (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/15_puzzle)

6. Another approach to 15 puzzle with array of
clickable buttons,
 instead of the above solution that used colored table cells and 
 additional movement keys. Now the button keys will be
 numbered. Upon a click, you know which number has been clicked.
One of the buttons shows  a "blank piece"
Trap mouse clicks on these buttons and develop the 15 puzzle 
board game through mouse click event handler.

See demo 21 for an idea of how this table of button can look like.   

7. Guess your image game:
   Make a 2x2 array of radio buttons
   Make a 2X2 array of images, but initially they are hidden (you may show a blank image)
	As you click the buttons, show the respective images



Using the techniques shown in this lab, one can develop many games, interactive
tutorials, interactive pages, question answer sessions hiding  the content etc.

Enjoy!
