PHP server side programming
using html, javascript on client side

YOU MUST USE THE FOLDER STRUCTURE SUPPLIED TO SUBMIT THE ASSIGNMENTS
The folder is named as your roll no.

the html files will be somewhere in your public html


Write request response programs as follows:

1. AddressConcatenator

	client.html: html form with submit button
		     input address through three text boxes
		     (house no, street, town)
		     
		  
		      
        server.php:  concatenate the three text box strings received
                      and display the result as one single string
                      
                    

2. FormValidation 

	client.html: form to input name, age, roll no
	server.php: validation 
			name should not contain non-alphabets except 1 space between every two words.
			age should not contain non-numerals, should be int >0
			roll no: XXYYZZZZ format, XX are alphas, YY is 15, ZZZZ are numerals	
			no field should be blank
			
			Upon detecting errors:
				display all errors back to client and ask the 
				client to refill till success.
				
				Which means you need an html back button generated 
				from php which links to client.html
			
			After success, print all values.
			
3. FileRead
	app for gate applicants to chose their exam center preferences
	
	
	client.html:
          		1 or 2 lines of info and 
          		a button "I want to take GATE"
          		
          		
         server.php:
         		9 choices have to be made by the candidate as pref 1, 2, ..9.
         		
         		So, when candidate presses the above button, 9 choice lists 
         		with exam centers (using HTML <select> </select>) are 
         		displayed in a grid of 3X3  (use "for" loop to generate the grid)

       			The list of cities should be read from a file "cities.txt"

			But read the list only once from the file.
			         	
         		Candidate chooses nine cities and press "Submit choices"
         		
         choices.php:
			Validates that all the submitted choices are different.         		
         		Validate that all choices are chosen (use a default-"Not chosen")
         		
4. FileWrite

	
	client.html:
		ask for Name,  phone no. in text fields

	server.php: validate and write to an existing file directory.txt
		    the directory.txt entries are csv formt which are comma separated tuples, one per line.
		    	
	dump.php:   displays the entire directory in the form of html table
			to read the csv file, use fgetcsv() function	
			http://www.w3schools.com/php/func_filesystem_fgetcsv.asp
			
	
5. DirectorySearch
	client.html: phone no. as inputs or name as input (any one)
	server.php: searches the directory given phone and displays the name, or vice versa
	The directory should be created in assignment 4. So if you add a new entry from code
	of assignment 4, the search should automatically recognize it.		

6. DBAPP
	Combine 4 and 5
	
	But instead of file read/write use MySQL server 
	to store, create, update and read the <ph no, name> tuples. 			
        
        you won't be using any file storage here for storing the tel directory. 	
         	
        mysql calls:
        http://www.w3schools.com/php/php_mysql_connect.asp
  
  	Server side php should read the mysql server address, user name, password,
  		and DB name from a file "dbdetails.txt"
  		
  		one sample file dbdetails.txt is included in the assignment packet.
        
        We are providing for you a common mysql server (for your projects, you can use
        	your own servers)
        
        Create a table with rollno as table name, and use this table only.     
        
        [See the updated file "dbdetails.txt" for sampel mysql server ip address details]
  
			
			
